add sql statement about pump and drainer (#2945)
pingcap/docs: sql-statements/sql-statement-show-pump-status.md

---
title: SHOW PUMP STATUS
summary: An overview of the usage of SHOW PUMP STATUS for the TiDB database.
category: reference
---

# SHOW PUMP STATUS

> `SHOW PUMP STATUS` statements displays the status information for all Pumps in the cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `SHOW PUMP STATUS` statement displays the status information for all Pump nodes in the cluster.
```

> ## 示例

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Examples
```
